docs/proxy/qos.md, before:

- [Quality of Service Module](#quality-of-service-odule)
  - [QoS Profile](#qos-profile)
  - [Latency](#latency)
  - [Jitter](#jitter)
  - [Packet Loss](#packet-loss)

# Quality of Service Module

  ![alt text](../figures/HB_QoS_Module.png "Altering QoS")



# QOS Module

The QOS module is situated inside the proxy processing pipline so as to apply a given QoS profile to proxy traffic.
When the QoS module is started the given `session_id` is used to retrieve the QoS profile from `mongo`.
The QoS profile is retrieved from information contained within the session document, specficlially the `serverOverload.id`

### Example session document
```json
{
  "id": 1,
  "name": "Session A",
  "description": "This is a description for a Session",
  "upstreamHost": "github.com",
  "upstreamPort": 80,
  "createdAt": "2014-02-12 03:34:51",
  "updatedAt": "2014-02-12 03:34:51",
  "testPlan":
  {
    "id": 12,
    "name": "ViPR Test plan"
  },
  "qos":
  {
    "id": 45
  },
  "serverOverload":
  {
    "id": 951
  },
  "user":
  {
    "id": 1,
    "username": "John Doe"
  },
  "executions": 42,
}
```

The `qos.id` is then used to make a secod query to retrieve the quality of servic profile.
When the module receives a response or request, each QoS quality is applied to the traffic as defined by the retrieved QoS profile.

## QoS Profile

 The QoS profile can currently support three service quality types: latency, jitter and traffic loss.
Three qualities are implemented and applied to the http proxy traffic with the parameters given by the QoS_profile as follows:

| Feature     | Context | Description                                                                                                           |
|:------------|:--------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Latency     | request | Injectes a constant wait time into the the traffic stream so as to increase the round-trip time of each request       |
| Jitter      | request | Injects random wait time into the traffic stream so as to increase the round-trip time of each request inconsistently |
| Packet Loss | both    | Drops requests/responses randomly                                                                                     |
|             |         |                                                                                                                       |
### Example JSON representation:

```json
{
    "createdAt": "2014-02-12 03:34:51",
    "updatedAt": "2014-02-12 03:34:51",
    "latency": 100,
    "jitter": {
        "min": 30,
        "max": 50
    },
    "trafficLoss": 0.1
}
```
E.g. trafficLoss=0.1 means that the module will drop 10% of the traffic.

E.g. latency=100ms and jitter(min=30ms, max=50ms) means that latency will vary from 70ms to 150ms.

## Latency

The `latency` quality has the following parameters.

| Element | Context | Description                                        |
|:--------|:--------|:---------------------------------------------------|
| delay   | request | The delay, in miliseconds, the module will inject. |
|         |         |                                                    |

## Jitter

The `Jitter` quality has the following parameters.

| Element | Context | Description                                                          |
|:--------|:--------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| maximum | request | The maximum amount of delay, in miliseconds, the module will inject. |
| minimum | request | The minimum amount of delay, in miliseconds, the module will inject. |

## Packet Loss

The `Packet Loss` quality has the following parameters.

| Element | Context | Description                                                         |
|:--------|:--------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| chance  | both    | The percentage chance that any given request/response will be lost. |

Commit message:

Updated documentation to reflect code and clarity
Updated alot of the documentation to reflect the current code base as
well as attempt to reduce new proxy developer barrier to entry. The
README file is an attempt to point user/developers in the right
direction

docs/proxy/qos.md, after:

- [Quality of Service Module](#quality-of-service-odule)
  - [QoS Profile](#qos-profile)
  - [Latency](#latency)
  - [Jitter](#jitter)
  - [Packet Loss](#packet-loss)
  - [Metrics](#metric-collection)

# Quality of Service Module

  ![alt text](../figures/HB_QoS_Module.png "Altering QoS")

The QOS module is situated inside the proxy processing pipline so as to :apply a given QoS profile to proxy traffic.
When the QoS module is started the given `session_id` is used to retrieve the QoS profile from `mongo`.
The QoS profile is retrieved from information contained within the session document, specifically the `serverOverload.id`

### Example session document
```json
{
  "id": 1,
  "name": "Session A",
  "description": "This is a description for a Session",
  "upstreamHost": "github.com",
  "upstreamPort": 80,
  "createdAt": "2014-02-12 03:34:51",
  "updatedAt": "2014-02-12 03:34:51",
  "testPlan":
  {
    "id": 12,
    "name": "ViPR Test plan"
  },
  "qos":
  {
    "id": 45
  },
  "serverOverload":
  {
    "id": 951
  },
  "user":
  {
    "id": 1,
    "username": "John Doe"
  },
  "executions": 42,
}
```

The `qos.id` is then used to make a secod query to retrieve the quality of service profile.
When the module receives a response or request, each QoS quality is applied to the traffic as defined by the retrieved QoS profile.

## QoS Profile

 The QoS profile can currently support three service quality types: latency, jitter and traffic loss.
Three qualities are implemented and applied to the http proxy traffic with the parameters given by the QoS_profile as follows:

| Feature     | Context | Description                                                                                                           |
|:------------|:--------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Latency     | request | Injectes a constant wait time into the the traffic stream so as to increase the round-trip time of each request       |
| Jitter      | request | Injects random wait time into the traffic stream so as to increase the round-trip time of each request inconsistently |
| Packet Loss | both    | Drops requests/responses randomly                                                                                     |
|             |         |                                                                                                                       |
### Example JSON representation:

```json
{
    "createdAt": "2014-02-12 03:34:51",
    "updatedAt": "2014-02-12 03:34:51",
    "latency": 100,
    "jitter": {
        "min": 30,
        "max": 50
    },
    "trafficLoss": 0.1
}
```
E.g. trafficLoss=0.1 means that the module will drop 10% of the traffic.

E.g. latency=100ms and jitter(min=30ms, max=50ms) means that latency will vary from 70ms to 150ms.

## Latency

The `latency` quality has the following parameters.

| Element | Context | Description                                        |
|:--------|:--------|:---------------------------------------------------|
| delay   | request | The delay, in miliseconds, the module will inject. |
|         |         |                                                    |

## Jitter

The `Jitter` quality has the following parameters.

| Element | Context | Description                                                          |
|:--------|:--------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| maximum | request | The maximum amount of delay, in miliseconds, the module will inject. |
| minimum | request | The minimum amount of delay, in miliseconds, the module will inject. |

## Packet Loss

The `Packet Loss` quality has the following parameters.

| Element | Context | Description                                                         |
|:--------|:--------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| chance  | both    | The percentage chance that any given request/response will be lost. |

#Metric Collection

The QOS module will continuously update a set of metrics that may be useful in future analysis of the injection session. Each metrics is available in real-time by making the module `status` API call. The following metrics are collected:

| metric      | Description                                             |
|:------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|
| lagtime     | The current amount of delay being injected              |
| packet-loss | The current total number of packets that have been lost |
